This is an Event tutorial (version 2) for making valid events for current version of this game

in here i will explain most of the things u need to know

First line is for event Title!
after title below it u need to write "#T"
this indicates that text event ended!

after that leave blank line

Most likely u will want "!S" which is like a box for multiple events
u can do "!T" just for text
there is "!C" BUT THI IS NOT COMPLETE FEATURE! ( i will not explain this here )
("!A") is possible but it would be useless

i'll start with least complicated event

"!T" shows that text event has started any lines below it will be read as text event and it will be shown in game

example:
!T
Hello,
U Sir,
Need to take a shower
#T

in game u will get the text between "!T" and "#T"

"!A" is an action event which will do something like give money, change stats, give or take things u have

including a list of things that are currently in this version:
1. These will take a number next to it to set the amount of money it gives/takes or sets to 
AMonC - changes money, gives or takes 
AMonS - sets money to some value 

example:
!A
AMonC 100

This will give player 100 money, if u write negative amount (-100) it will take the money from player

example 2:
!A
AMonS 1

this will make your money equall to 1, it doesn't care how much u had

2. These do not need anything next to it
ASave - forcefully saves the game 
ASPause - pauses the game (need to press something to continue)
ASCLS - clear the window (all text that was previously writen will be gone)
ASSkype - will shutdown skype :D (please do not abuse it)
ASERedditFunny - opens www.reddit.com/r/funny 

3.Events bellow are more complex
ABelogings - its like a box to hold stuff u have
AStats - stats (str int agi stamina)
AFeelings - happiness, insanity, social and others 
AFetish - fetishes 

these events require 2 things to operate first one is index(to tell which) and value how much to increase/decrease stats or smth
belogings and fetishes values are a bit different ... they accept only 0 for false and 1 for true
Available index:
1.Belogings: Phone, Home ,GF , BF (based on gender of char), Car.
2.Fetishes: RedHair, ZettaiRyouiki.
3.Stats: STR, AGI, INT, STAM.
4.Feelings: Happiness, Rage, Loneliness, Social, Insanity.
(i think the names are quite clear) 

ALSO TELL THE CREATOR IF U NEED SOMETHING NEW! or have suggestions what to make

Also there is "!S" and "#S" (which closes "!S"), these are like boxes who are able to hold multiple events
U must close the "!S" with "#S" otherwise it might break...
a good example is given below!

You can open up other Events to find more complicated examples

Events should be written in .txt files with name of E**** (**** replace with number that is not taken yet)
And put into Events folder which should be near exe file 

Below is an example of full event:
Good Day:
#T

!S

!T
Weather is nice.
You decide to go outside.
#T

!A
ASPause

!T
U feel very pleased with weather
Hapiness was increased
#T

!A
AFeelings Happiness 5

#S